_publications/2024-12-paper-MAMF.md, before:

---
title: "Mild Asymmetric Message Franking: Illegal-Messages-Only and Retrospective Content Moderation"
collection: publications
category: conferences
permalink: /publication/2024-12-paper-MAMF
excerpt: 'This paper is about fixing template issue #693.'
date: 2024-12-13
venue: 'ASIACRYPT 2024'
paperurl: 'https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1608'
slideurl: 'https://iacr.org/submit/files/slides/2024/asiacrypt/asiacrypt2024/46/46_slides.pdf'

citation: 'Z Huang, J Lai, G Zeng, J Weng. Mild Asymmetric Message Franking: Illegal-Messages-Only and Retrospective Content Moderation. ASIACRYPT 2024.'
---

Many messaging platforms have integrated end-to-end (E2E) encryption into their services. This widespread adoption of E2E encryption has triggered a technical tension between user privacy and illegal content moderation. The existing solutions either support only unframeability or deniability, or they are prone to abuse (the moderator can perform content moderation for all messages, whether illegal or not), or they lack mechanisms for retrospective content moderation.

To address the above issues, we introduce a new primitive called \emph{mild asymmetric message franking} (MAMF) to establish illegal-messages-only and retrospective content moderation for messaging systems, supporting unframeability and deniability simultaneously. We provide a framework to construct MAMF, leveraging two new building blocks, which might be of independent interest.

Commit message:

docs: 更新论文摘要内容
将论文摘要从'This paper is about fixing template issue #693'修改为'This paper is about the abuse in message franking'，以更准确地反映论文内容

_publications/2024-12-paper-MAMF.md, after:

---
title: "Mild Asymmetric Message Franking: Illegal-Messages-Only and Retrospective Content Moderation"
collection: publications
category: conferences
permalink: /publication/2024-12-paper-MAMF
excerpt: 'This paper is about the abuse in message franking.'
date: 2024-12-13
venue: 'ASIACRYPT 2024'
paperurl: 'https://eprint.iacr.org/2024/1608'
slideurl: 'https://iacr.org/submit/files/slides/2024/asiacrypt/asiacrypt2024/46/46_slides.pdf'

citation: 'Z Huang, J Lai, G Zeng, J Weng. Mild Asymmetric Message Franking: Illegal-Messages-Only and Retrospective Content Moderation. ASIACRYPT 2024.'
---

Many messaging platforms have integrated end-to-end (E2E) encryption into their services. This widespread adoption of E2E encryption has triggered a technical tension between user privacy and illegal content moderation. The existing solutions either support only unframeability or deniability, or they are prone to abuse (the moderator can perform content moderation for all messages, whether illegal or not), or they lack mechanisms for retrospective content moderation.

To address the above issues, we introduce a new primitive called \emph{mild asymmetric message franking} (MAMF) to establish illegal-messages-only and retrospective content moderation for messaging systems, supporting unframeability and deniability simultaneously. We provide a framework to construct MAMF, leveraging two new building blocks, which might be of independent interest.
